# mailbomb.py #

`mailbomb.py` is a simple script to send a lot of emails. Given a CSV of
name and email pairs, `mailbomb.py` will send an email to every address,
personalized with the corresponding name.

This is a convenience script. Using it to spam or harass is strongly
discouraged, and I decline any responsibility for its misuse.

## Install ##

Clone this repository with `$ git clone
https://github.com/jacquerie/mailbomb.py.git`.

## Usage ##

Suppose that `file.csv` contains the list of name and email pairs you want to
use, in the format exemplified by the included `example.csv`. Then, running
```shell
$ python mailbomb.py file.csv
```
will print the list of emails that would be sent by `mailbomb.py`.

In order to actually send the emails, you have to create and configure a mail
server. `mailbomb.py` includes a sample configuration for Gmail, which you can
enable substituting the following lines
```python
credentials = DebugCredentials()
server = DebugServer(credentials)
```
with
```python
credentials = GoogleCredentials()
server = GoogleServer(credentials)
```

You can customize the email you want to send by modifying the `BODY` global
variable. There's no support for multipart emails or more flexible templating
engines, but it's planned.

## Gmail ##

The provided class `GoogleCredentials` will read the username and the password
from the environment as the variables `GMAIL_USERNAME` and `GMAIL_PASSWORD`,
respectively. There's currently no support for helping the user define these
variables, but it's planned.

## Contributing ##

Patches are welcome. Please make sure that the code you submit complies to both
PEP8 and PEP257 using the `pep8` and `pep257` tools. I am especially interested
in seeing:
* Proper command line argument parsing
* Support for a template engine for emails
* Convenience scripts to help the user set up the environment

## Author ##

Jacopo Notarstefano ([@Jaconotar](https://twitter.com/Jaconotar))

## License ##

MIT
